He
[music]
[Applause]
sprays water all over the house and needs to be followed by the child.
He grabs the cat's tail, it meows, and follows along to
play, haha. So well-behaved,
but this table is too high, I know I can't do it.
Dad has a box, Grandma says, milk. Oh,
so much fun,
all the study time is over, just a little mischief.
3,000 normal children. I3 return. My dear
Grandma, he has become a foolish child.
Grandma, today I am grown up,
loving Dad so much, I am grown up, happy for
life, I will always be grateful to Grandma. In
another place, Dad needs me to run
after him, grabbing the cat's tail, it meows,
Grandma follows, laughing, haha. I'm
so happy, outside, Dad, this table is too high, I can't write on it. Dad has a box, Grandma says, milk. Oh, so much fun,
all the study time is over, just a little mischief.
Grandma looks at me, smiles, and gives me milk, my dear.
[music]
[Applause]
don't argue. The real Phuong. 3-story house. Because of running
after him, grabbing his hand.  The two cats are angry, they meow,
Grandma laughs heartily, "You're so
well-behaved, Dad! This table is too high, I ca
n't write on it, Dad is holding it, Grandma is cutting
milk!" Oh, so
much fun,
all the study time is over! Just a little mischievous!
3,000 mouths smiling and making milk, my
dear!
Dad! Grandma,
for so many years,
D3, struggling and toiling, and still...
The story of Thanh, a lifelong vow,
more than
33 years, entering thousands,
honoring before
[music]
Nguyen, An, the ball,
yes,yes [
music] yes,
yes